So let me introduce myself to you guys.
The new head of my Shen family
Sister Shen Xiu
What are you?
Want to be a family
You deserve it too, it's ridiculous
The Shen family is not alone
A hairy boy dares to come to the board to yell
It's the Shen family
It's not your turn to be the head of the family, a hairy boy
Shen Changzong
Dead what did you say
I told you before.
I want to be the new head of the Shen family
Probation period of three months
During this period, I will ensure that the group will thrive
But if I don't
After three months, I will leave by myself
If anyone doesn't cooperate
I'll play with him in a different way
Is there any problem?
No problem, the meeting will end
Sister Shen Xiu
Your life is supposed to be like this
You should be in the limelight.
Rather than crawling out of hell
What's up?
Will no one use you anymore?
So happy
Of course, Sucho.
Let's choose a date to get married.
OK
Shen Changyi
Do you want to kill Shen Xiujun to avenge your father?